Hey, in this video,
we're gonna learn how to use components
in the default bean id.
Well, so far we've already learned
how to specify the bean id in the component annotation.
So with our previous example,
we had tennis coach
and we have at component,
and we give that silly coach.
That's the bean id that we'll use
in our application.
So we can actually remove the actual bean id
and let Spring generate a default bean id.
The default bean id is basically the class name
and they simply make the first letter lowercase.
As an example, if we are a class of tennis coach
with a capital t,
then if we don't specify a bean id,
the default bean id will be tennis coach
with a lowercase t.
Okay, so let's kind of walk through this
with a code example.
So notice here I have tennis coach
and I have at component.
Note here, I didn't explicitly specify a bean id.
So again, we have the class name of tennis coach,
our default bean id will be tennis coach
with a lowercase t,
so they'll take the first letter of the class
and make it lowercase.
Now let's look at how we could use this in code now.
In our code to actually retrieve the bean
from the container,
I'd say context get bean,
and I give the default bean id,
which is tennis coach,
which starts with a lowercase t,
and that'll actually give me the bean
from the Spring container.
So again, notice here we're using the default bean id
since our class didn't explicitly specify a bean id.
And that's pretty much it.
So what we'll do in the next video
is we'll actually move into Eclipse
and we'll actually work through this example,
and we'll see how we can actually modify our code
to make use of the default bean id,
and then also retrieve it from the container.
So I'll see you in the next video.